scope;start
changebg;testbg1.png

say;narrator;TWO YEARS LATER

//;-Background: BULLIES STANDING ABOVE YOU
fx;screenshake;id;0.2;0.01
say;Bully 1;See you later loser. 
say;Bully 2;Here is your switchbox portable hahahaha 
playsound;drop
say;narrator;He throws you your console, which lands on the floor in front of you
say;narrator;You look at it, it barely reassembles what it once was*
say;Bully 2;Sadly it is in pieces.
say;Bully 3;*whispers* Hey that stuff is pretty expensive, you might have went overboard.
say;Bully 1;This little cuckboy won't tell on us anyway. *laughs*
say;Bully 1;What a sad piece of otaku brings nasty games to school LOL
say;yourself;I wasn't playing dating sims... it was alloy sprocket liquid 3... best part of the series... 
say;yourself;Filthy casuals...
say;narrator;The bullies walk away
say;narrator;in a distance
say;girl 1;I-Is he alright?
say;girl 2;Don't mind him.
say;yourself;As always everybody just pretends that nothing is happening. ha ha ha
say;yourself;Eh.. I need to go back home, maybe my dad will worry about me.
say;narrator;You hide your console in your bag and you stand up.


//;-Background: City streets
say;narrator;As you slowly stroll along the street you start to notice the pain coming from the bruises.
say;yourself;Ouch, it hurts.
say;yourself;Why even live... My life is literally a nightmare. After my mother's death I couldn't focus on school and became a loner. Moving out from our old house didn't help either. I wish I could forget about it like my father, who remarried after 2 years. My new mom isn't bad, but I just can't trust her like I would trust a family member. 

say;yourself;At least she is better than whore of a daughter she gave birth to. That girl is always making fun of me. My situation is partly her fault, because she told everyone in our school that I'm playing games all day. To be honest I would be bullied either way. 

say;yourself;In middle school I was a top student, but after accident my whole world turned upside down. I choose games and manga as a easy way out of my problems. Sometimes I wish it would all go away, all bullies, all regrets, all pain...


//;-Background: Front of the apartment
say;narrator;You walk to the door.
playsound;dooropen
say;narrator;It suddenly opens.
fx;screenshake;id;0.2;0.01
playsound;punch
say;narrator;The door hits your face.
say;narrator;Your vision gets blurry.
say;narrator;You take a step back trying your best not to lose balance.
say;narrator;Someone is leaving the apartment.
say;Sister;You've been bullied again. Jeez you are supposed to be my BIG brother. I can't believe you're such a loser.
say;Sister;By the way I'm going to hang out with my friends. Bye desu~
playsound;doorclose
say;narrator;Your sister walks past you.
say;narrator;You can smell her perfume.
say;yourself;It's a nice smell, but because she's the source of it, it fills you with disgust.
say;narrator;You recover from the blow you've taken and you walk into the apartment.
//;-Background: Apartment
say;yourself;My new apartment is bigger than that we used to live in with mom, but I still can't call it my home...
say;narrator;You take your console out of your bag
say;narrator;You can't even try to turn it on since the power up button is gone*
say;yourself;As i thought... My switchbox portable is completely broken. Maybe game inside is alright?
say;yourself;I can't pull it out if console is off. Let's just leave it for now.
say;yourself;It's already 7 p.m. I'm hungry, let's eat something. Fridge is empty... My step-mom is a real business women so preparing dinner is not in her obligations, but really... something like that would not happened if... I have to stop thinking about past. I need to clear my mind and I know just the place for that.




goto;start
